c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.deps.json
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.dll
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.pdb
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.Views.dll
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.Views.pdb
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\About.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.Views.pdb
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.dll
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.pdb
c:\users\ado\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DotnetNginxSameContainer\DotnetNginxSameContainer\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DotnetNginxSameContainer.csproj.CopyComplete
